Bronchitis is a condition affecting
the bronchial tubes,
which carry air to and from your lungs.
In bronchitis these tubes are
inflamed and swollen,
causing coughing,
often with mucus, or wheezing.
Bronchitis can be acute or chronic.
Other symptoms of acute bronchitis
include fever, a mild headache or body aches.
Acute bronchitis
is typically caused by a virus
and is usually not serious.
Symptoms typically improve
within a week to 10 days,
although the cough may last longer.
Chronic bronchitis
is a persistent inflammation and
irritation of the bronchial tubes
caused by smoking or
exposure to other irritating substances.